#### Plans

My plan for this mode is to allow the user to load either an execution trace or
the output of a semantic model execution. Since both are represented through the
behaviors and the conditions, it doesn't matter.

If there is a failure and a root cause can't be identified, I want to allow the
user to make behavioral changes directly in the debug mode. In this sense, the
debugging is enabling the learning because the semantics that are added will be
associated with that trace. 

When I want to check if the implementation or the behavior of the design itself
respects the invariant, I can simply use the environment in this trace.

Obvioulsy there is missing step here, I need to make the semantic model executable
and bring those traces into this mode. I will do that after I finish this visualization.
I intend to make the output of the engine validation much more visually clean, instead of
just a text file.

Executable Semantic Model Plan:
----
I plan to make the semantic model executable in the design mode, in the same way that they
can execute the implementation in the playground, they will have a button to execute the
semantic model. Except, it can happen directly in the browser, I will load a worker that
can play the necessary role. Everytime a behavior requires a participant that is an input,
I will allow the user to enter it (although this is very simple, it is a good start). I will
pass that into the worker, which will load it into the args and then execute the behavior.

Details of debug mode
----

I think that the behavioral selector will contain all the behaviors for now and will be collapsible
based on the atomic grouping. In the future, I will create a higher level that groups the atomic paths
and lets you select one path at a time. Each of the behaviors will be color coded to show if it has
invariant violations, if it is semantically invalid or if there is a failure. 

When a behavior is selected, it will populate the containers with the conditions that were
contained in the trace. The output of the validation process will be loaded into the validation
output container, it will have details about the validation process, which invariants were violated,
the transformation validity etc. Except it won't be text, it will be presented cleanly in the UI.

If root cause can't be identified, I will allow the user to modify the semantics of a behavior to
enable the design to learn. As part of that, the trace id will automatically get added to the invariant.

If the root cause is identified, I will create a summary container which has the failure and the root cause.
I will establish the nuances of this as I continue implementing later today when I return to my computer.